Drag n drop (#10)
Sameesunkaria/OutlineView: README.md

### Customization

#### Children

> There are two types of `.children` parameters in the `OutlineView` initializers. You can either provide children for data items using a KeyPath pointing to an optional array of the same type, or a closure that provides an optional array based on the `ID` of the item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of `children` parameters in the `OutlineView` initializers. You can either provide the children for an item using a `KeyPath` pointing to an optional `Sequence` of the same type, or a closure that provides an optional `Sequence` based on the `ID` of the item.
```

Author: Got it https://github.com/Sameesunkaria/OutlineView/pull/10/commits/9a66eb8d6576eb16ca2d046bf17d013ac32249e3

```swift

> // KeyPath option:
> OutlineView(data, children: \.children, selection: $selection) { item in
>   NSTextField(string: item.description)
> }
> 
> // Closure option:
> OutlineView(data, children: { item in 
>   dataSource.childrenOfItem(item) 
> }) { item in
>   NSTextField(string: item.description)
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// By passing a KeyPath to the children:
OutlineView(data, children: \.children, selection: $selection) { item in
  NSTextField(string: item.description)
}

// By providing a closure that returns the children:
OutlineView(data, children: { item in 
  dataSource.childrenOfItem(item) 
}) { item in
  NSTextField(string: item.description)
}
```

Reviewer: The `selection` parameter is missing from the closure example.

Reviewer: Also, https://github.com/Sameesunkaria/OutlineView/pull/10#discussion_r1083564808.

Author: Got it, and included the parameter order switch: https://github.com/Sameesunkaria/OutlineView/pull/10/commits/9a66eb8d6576eb16ca2d046bf17d013ac32249e3

.rowSeparatorColor(.red)
```

### Drag & Drop

#### Dragging From `OutlineView`

> Add the `dragDataSource` modifier to the `OutlineView` to allow dragging rows from the `OutlineView`. The `dragDataSource` takes a closure that translates a data element into an optional `NSPasteboardItem` (with a nil value meaning the row can't be dragged).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the `dragDataSource` modifier to the `OutlineView` to allow dragging rows from the `OutlineView`. The `dragDataSource` takes a closure that translates a data element into an optional `NSPasteboardItem`, with a `nil` value meaning the row can't be dragged.
```

Author: Fixed! https://github.com/Sameesunkaria/OutlineView/pull/10/commits/9a66eb8d6576eb16ca2d046bf17d013ac32249e3

```swift
extension NSPasteboard.PasteboardType {
  static var myPasteboardType: Self {
    PasteboardType("MySpecialPasteboardIdentifier")
  }
}

> theOutlineView
>   .dragDataSource { item in
>     let pbItem = NSPasteboardItem()
>     pbItem.setData(item.dataRepresentation, forType: .myPasteboardType)
>     return pbItem
>   }

Reviewer: I would prefer using full names in example code. And we don't need the article on outline view.

```suggestion
outlineView
  .dragDataSource { item in
    let pasteboardItem = NSPasteboardItem()
    pasteboardItem.setData(item.dataRepresentation, forType: .myPasteboardType)
    return pasteboardItem
  }
```

Author: Got it https://github.com/Sameesunkaria/OutlineView/pull/10/commits/9a66eb8d6576eb16ca2d046bf17d013ac32249e3

```

#### Dropping into `OutlineView`

> Handling drag events that come into the `OutlineView`, either from `dragDataSource` modifier or from outside the `OutlineView`, can be handled by adding the modifier `onDrop(of:receiver:)` This modifier gives the `OutlineView` a list of `NSPasteboard.PasteboardType` that can be read, and supplies a delegate object, conforming to the `DropReceiver` protocol. `DropReceiver` implements functions to validate a drop operation, read items from the dragging pasteboard, and update the data source when a drop is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drag events on the `OutlineView`, either from the `dragDataSource` modifier or from outside the `OutlineView`, can be handled by adding the `onDrop(of:receiver:)` modifier. This modifier takes a list of supported `NSPasteboard.PasteboardType`s, and a receiver instance conforming to the `DropReceiver` protocol. `DropReceiver` implements functions to validate a drop operation, read items from the dragging pasteboard, and update the data source when a drop is successful.
```

```swift

> theOutlineView

Reviewer: ```suggestion
outlineView
```

Author: Got it! https://github.com/Sameesunkaria/OutlineView/pull/10/commits/9a66eb8d6576eb16ca2d046bf17d013ac32249e3
